The Joe Rogan experience.
Statistically, they said 5% of those will be dead. It's not even well.
They thought 0.1%. But what they thought was the all.
Powerful. God's just like the UN says, you will not question us big.
Tuck says you will not close you into anything. The UN says we only humans like,
oh, we shouldn't do a lockdown. It's killing millions of people, starvation,
but still it's like worst keeping a lockdown going to get on a nation said,
well, what do you think should be done? I mean,
I think we should look at something, but isn't much worse than the flu and say,
we all need natural vitamins and nutraceuticals and
sunlight and health.
And people should just know they've got to deal with the way it is because we
always get diseases. We always get viruses. We always live with the idea.
We got to lock society down and go into our houses.
And this is a post-industrial move
that they're using to roll out these systems to keep us locked down our homes,
right? And if you want.
To be cynical, this is where you step in and say,
the reason why they want us to be upset and they want the economy to be is
because they hate the president and they want him out of office and they want to
regain power. They want the Democrat.
Or remake some of the American economy in the image of what they want.
They want to remake a lot of these,
these systems that they feel are for whatever reason,
then just, or unjust or whatever.
And they want to use this opportunity to kind of redraw.
The lines. Exactly that after nine 11, exactly. The, this is the new nine 11,
the UN and, and the day, most group all say,
this is the post-industrial world. The great reset.
I got a copy of it for right here. And they say in these documents,
we are going to reorganize society. COVID is good to shut down.
The carbon carbon is bad. We're going to end success.
We're going to end prosperity. We're going to track everybody.
We're control their lives all under the name of COVID. They said all.
That. They said, we're going to end success. We're going to end prosperity.
Oh yeah. In the lockstep Rockefeller document, 2010,
they say we'll have a viral release or simulated one that creates total fear.
We'll bring in a police state martial.
Law available for someone to read. Absolutely. It wasn't.
A subject called agenda 21 or something where they were saying,
we want people living in cities. We don't want home ownership,
compact cities yet. And as.
You were saying it earlier, they go, oh,
it's for the greater good that we don't have cars anymore.
It's for the greater good we have.
Done. Second one. I was saying, what I was doing was give playing devils.
You were quoting them. What I was saying. You said that Joe,
you believe in that I was saying that autonomous,
I do believe in cars to autonomous vehicles are in the future.
At least likely to be safer than people just driving and texting. Well,
it's not.
Safe.
Given the control of these corporations and robots making ourselves obsolete,
we need to build a pro-human future.
Oh I'm pro-human but I know you are.
I'm not saying you're not Joe feller thing from 2010. So that was a weird side.
I started and I was already looking this up as he mentioned it,
because I was going down my own little rabbit hole.
It says when I first started to find it, my first search,
it says there's a small or large conspiracy has been built out of this small
grain of truth for this document from 2010. Okay. That's what it starts to say.
So I haven't.
Snopes small grain of truth. God. It's like, I don't think,
is it Snopes that you go, let's focus on the grain. If true.
Who says there's a grain of truth?
Hold on. No, no. It's.
Operation lockstep.
And it says a global police state will be brought in from a pandemic and
there'll be worldwide martial law. It actually says it in the document. Okay.
It's like, they always go like, oh, there's no hunter emails.
The emails are real. Right. I love that clock. It is weird.
That they're saying TGT studios. Okay. Isn't it is weird. There's a document.
Okay. The Rockefeller foundation annual report,
2010 control F what would you like me to look up?
Uh, look up, uh, police state, look up, just look up police state.
I forget the exact.
Words. I mean, let's just go read it for yourself.
Control F police state came up. This is just one paper.
I mean, that's the whole PDF is here. It's like, it's really, really, really.
Long. So when you control F police, state, nothing. Okay. What else?
Uh, I mean, I've, I've, I've read it.
Before it says that. So anybody can go read it right now.
So you think they edited it? No. No. I mean, I can't remember the exact word.
Okay. Well.
Let's look up pandemic, look up. Pandemic.
Pandemic just means widely distributed epidemic means directions.
Four mentions of the word pandemic. Okay.
All right.
With no network to transfer critical infectious disease information without open
lines of communications, thousands more false sick.
The new in quotes disease becomes an unchecked pandemic.
By the time the,
the right expertise is brought to bear on the partial world. It's too late.
The disease has spread around the globe in a world of global trade and travel.
What's traded faster and travels furthest are the microbes in every handshake,
Southeast Asia. So what are they? What is this in reference to? Okay.
It says a few miles east bababababa young boy has been hit. And hold on.
Don't please go back to that. Yeah, just, it's just,
it's just a scenario that they're painting. So make that a little larger. No,
no, no. Go back to it. Just go back to where it was. All right.
The potential pandemic, the fast few decades have severely tested.
The world's ability to work across human borders. Detection remains weak.
In many parts of the world.
The public health response has frequently been slow and fragmented.
The looming threat of infectious disease presents humanity with a new challenge
to communicate and collaborate swifter and with greater efficiency than ever
before. That doesn't sound like that. Trying to end the world. Well.
You're just reading one, one of these documents. I already,
I can pull up the articles I can show to yourself,
but this is world government controlled.
They talk about a worldwide police state. You searched the term pandemic.
I'm telling you what's in these things.
Okay. A emerging pandemic, the new century, SARS, avian, flu, and swine flu.
If we don't move investigated systems to bring in global governments,
like they're trying to prevent pandemics. If they don't move quickly,
viruses will, uh,
by continuing our drive to invest systems that coordinate efforts and share
information. The Rockefeller foundation is working to,
which is the global government controller to meet the health challenges of an
interconnected world. Isn't.
The perfect analogy. Terrorism, because it's like terrorism exists.
People want to prevent terrorism, but it's like,
how many rights do you give up in order to do that? And then, you know,
all these proactive measures that we take to prevent terrorism.
A lot of them create more terrorists,
who I think it's like a balance of like beat remaining a free society and
dealing with a lot of the men. Listen, I sit here, you know, we.
Sit and we talk about something and whether Jamie can find it or not becomes the
arbiter, whether it's real. So they found something about an at and T lobbying.
They did find the thing about this.
I've got the operation lockstep documents where they say,
we're going to bring in this global authority table.
Then you have to show us those.
Well, I mean, I'm sitting here in studio talking to you about this.
But I understand what you're saying, but we wanted.
To try to, you know, everybody else watching this is going to look.
It up. Well, I hope they do. They're gonna go crazy.
I hope we wish we could have found it right then if it's real. No, no, no, no.
You want to show it, but it might be an interpretation of what they're saying.
Like the window.
It says specifically the women quote is just a criticism of Trump.
She's blaming all this lock. No Whitmer.
Was found by the,
by the Supreme court of Michigan and by a federal court to have seized all three
branches of government and basically set up martial law. They,
we use those terms and she was overturned.
That quote. I want it when you say,
if you are sick of lockdowns and you're sick of not being able to go to church,
Joe Biden should be elected. That is not a huge jump.
From what he said. No, it's not a huge job.
But the problem is the way it's being said.
She was talking about how bad Trump handled the,
the rate of infection for of course.
And let's expand on that. I remember interviewing Lou Dobbs like 15 years ago,
back when he was still on CNN. And we were looking at documents where it said,
we're going to bring in global government,
the north American union using the threat of viruses and migration flows and
economic collapse. And they said like a deadly flu or deadly SARS. Yeah.
I'm sitting here watching this power, grab watching the UN and,
and big tech saying, well,
you can't say that that the UN is wrong because the UN is in charge since when
is the news WHL and all these doctors,
all these medical doctors that come out and say other things other than like our
steroids cured it, or, you know how I dropped the chloric. One helped you.
How are they being banned? Even if they were wrong, they should be,
have their license removed. That's what that's about.
It's not Google decides that if something isn't the UN it's taken down,
that's all narrow archive.org.
I found, I went to the second page of this link,
but this is like scenario narratives. It says lockstep.
It talks about a pandemics from 2012 and the SARS and all sorts of H one N one.
So I skipped into the next page just to, while you guys are talking.
And this was the part that that's a little strange where she's getting to into
what I think he is now tours out. Um,
it started here cause it says stuff about Kenya in 2025 and people being weary
of top-down 20, 25.
People seem to be growing weary of so much top-down control and letting leaders
and authorities make choices for them,
whatever net, wherever national interest clashed with individual interests,
there was conflict.
Sporadic pushback becomes increasingly organized and coordinated as
disaffected youth and people who have seen their status and opportunities slip
away largely in developing countries,
incited civil unrest by 2026 protestors in Nigeria
brought down the government fed up with the entrenched cronyism and corruption.
Even those who like the greater stability and predictability of this world began
to grow uncomfortable and constrained by so many tight rules.
And by the strictness of national boundaries,
the feeling lingered that sooner or later,
something would have inevitably upset.
The neat order that the world's governments had worked so hard to establish.
Okay. I'd never read that, but that's the other stuff it's in there.
I'm telling you thousands of pages, man.
Episodes of the Joe Rogan experience are now free on Spotify. That's right.
They're free from September 1st to December 1st,
they're going to be available everywhere, but after December 1st,
they will only be available on Spotify, but they will be free.
That includes the video. The video will also be there. It'll also be free.
That's all we're asking. Go download Spotify much. Buh-bye.